Can "this" be used within a static method?

What is serialization?
When we want to transport an object through network then we have to convert the object into a stream of bytes. The process of converting an object into a stream of bytes is called Serialization. For an object to be serializable, it should implement ISerialize Interface. De-serialization is the reverse process of creating an object from a stream of bytes.

What is a ctor?

What is the difference between public, static and void?

Can multiple catch blocks be executed?
No, Multiple catch blocks can't be executed. Once the proper catch code executed, the control is transferred to the finally block and then the code that follows the finally block gets executed.

What is an interface?

What is the difference between Array and Arraylist?
In an array, we can have items of the same type only. The size of the array is fixed. An arraylist is similar to an array but it doesn't have a fixed size.

Can a private virtual method be overridden?
No, because they are not accessible outside the class.

What's the difference between an interface and abstract class?
Interfaces have all the methods having only declaration but no definition. In an abstract class, we can have some concrete methods. In an interface class, all the methods are public. An abstract class may have private methods.

What are circular references?
Circular reference is situation in which two or more resources are interdependent on each other causes the lock condition and make the resources unusable.

What is the base class in .net from which all the classes are derived from?
System.Object

What is the difference between method overriding and method overloading?
In method overriding, we change the method definition in the derived class that changes the method behavior. Method overloading is creating a method with the same name within the same class having different signatures.

How can we set class to be inherited, but prevent the method from being over-ridden?
Declare the class as public and make the method sealed to prevent it from being overridden.

What's a multicast delegate?
A delegate having multiple handlers assigned to it is called multicast delegate. Each handler is assigned to a method.

